now the Lord spoke to Moses in the
wilderness of Sinai in the first month
of the second year after they had come
out of the land of Egypt saying let the
children of Israel keep the Passover at
its appointed time on the fourteenth day
of this month at twilight you shall keep
it at its appointed time according to
all its rites and ceremonies you shall
keep it so Moses told the children of
Israel that they should keep the
Passover and they kept the Passover on
the fourteenth day of the first month at
twilight in the wilderness of Sinai
according to all that the LORD commanded
Moses so the children of Israel did
now there were certain men who were
defiled by a human corpse so that they
could not keep the Passover on that day
and they came before Moses and Aaron
that day we became defiled by a human
corpse why are we kept from presenting
the offering of the Lord as appointed
time among the children of Israel stand
still that I may hear what the Lord will
command concerning you then the Lord
spoke to Moses speak to the children of
Israel saying if any one of you or your
posterity is unclean because of a corpse
or is far away on a journey he may still
keep the Lord's Passover on the
fourteenth day of the second month at
Twilight they may keep it they shall eat
it with unleavened bread and bitter
herbs they shall leave none of it until
morning nor break one of its bones
according to all the ordinances of the
Passover they shall keep it but the man
who is clean and is not on a journey and
ceases to keep the Passover that same
person shall be cut off from among his
people because he did not bring the
offering of the Lord at its appointed
time that man shall bear his sin and if
a stranger dwells among you and would
keep the Lord's Passover he must do so
according to the Rite of the Passover
and according to its ceremony you shall
have one ordinance both for the stranger
and the native of the land now on the
day that the tabernacle was raised up
the cloud
the tenable participant ill morning it
was above the Tabernacle like the
appearance of fire so it was always a
cloud coveted by day and the appearance
of fire by night whenever the cloud was
taken out from above the tabernacle
after that the children of Israel would
journey and in the place where the cloud
settled there the children of Israel
would pitch their tents at the command
of the Lord the children of Israel would
gen and at the command of the Lord they
would camp as long as the clouds stayed
above the tabernacle they remained
encamped even when the cloud continued
long many days above the tabernacle the
children of Israel kept the charge of
the Lord and did not journey so it was
when the cloud was above the tabernacle
a few days according to the command of
the Lord they would remain encamped and
according to the command of the Lord
they would journey
so it was when the cloud remained only
from evening until morning when the
cloud was taken up in the morning then
they would journey rather by day or by
night whenever the cloud was taken up
they would journey whether it was two
days a month or a year that the cloud
remained above the tabernacle the
children of Israel would remain encamped
and not journey but when it was taken up
they would journey at the command of the
Lord they remained encamped and at the
command of the Lord they Gen they kept
the charge of the Lord at the command of
the Lord by the hand of Moses